✨Add emojis to review template and clarify ✨ (#1)
convertelligence/.github: PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

<!--- Provide a general summary of your changes in the title. -->

> ## 📝 What's changed

Author: ```suggestion
## 📝 Summary
```

<!--- Use this section to describe what has changed. Link this PR to relevant Trello cards. If your PR is still a work in progress, create PR as draft. -->

## ✨ Screenshots/GIF's
<!-- If the PR introduces a new feature or enhancement of existing feature, you can add screenshots or GIF's showcasing the changes (with e.g. https://getkap.co/). -->

## 💁‍♂️ Reviewer instructions
<!-- Don't forget to assign a reviewer to the PR! Use this section if:

> - There is something the reviewer needs to know before make their review

Author: ```suggestion
- There is something the reviewer needs to know before reviewing
```
